00:00:05
Nå.

00:00:09
Ine akette, 10., work and oce øh 700 respons ved this and public finance.

00:00:18
Lige nett er atport tidligere så please det vil gerne.

00:00:22
Have.

00:00:30
Kan i høre mig OK eller bare kast vogn?

00:00:34
Thank you match spat invitation et spin grebs eventyrforening and this money ex presentation sir perfect and intra wal my præsentation.

00:00:46
For doctor view with don't know what ASI is og med be mixed us with there is o the organisations that'm i big in with sweet and twit is whats percom SCISA nonprofit research 2 prøv lige at sige organisation webinarouncenter nineteen eights.

00:01:02
2 walk with thevel planet in that'mantal issues globaly sou a had warderswar umbbased or in speakomfrut we have that's isol of the world, so work king priclos the with real Madrid in asia love american african and the guat and the præsentations 2 the is lay joint 2 workith my proaction may teame and eitis also part 2 oring project.

00:01:28
Finance by MS bottomed speed med uden, who would this whit do you agency frost de fince formelt on the rece of account sweething.

00:01:39
Arndt har lidt af det der struktur todays presentation following beit the steps do it 2 go research så først thor we investoffer der hedder playces that propabilities and the intensity of fult single and compound high docnedy passhers are get back 2 that definition.

00:01:58
Hvordan med lykken til The kaste din effets og The risk campations for credit infrastructure hele function sol that twistery wase what the waterron a row 2 teton willow the supplyce shcks on homan systemt incuting for eksempel thule under and we are cund ple un incak the seatment tool underly warnings systemt.

00:02:21
Thomas stiller præsentation out of party connect disfit lokal of a implantation what implications up this a sassementasfulde Politis work.

00:02:32
Sover og lille vidt jubilæum of primate conference lort maps with the lort of red in the lancy what is not this is the syntesaling euys universitation of single high vatic password hospboxing in sweatern and ford. This ver you's the comed in. This is base on long position and tam putter and essentially what we see is a hit w heavy intention primært in the South of-scene.

00:03:02
Weasley flot industries intensivclication hvobil norris and the sound anduus Johan allly very receive warmir and with your trans eller resving.

00:03:14
Contout hassource of mode hashold 2 corporate. Do you different type of differentworkings that men Det er det punkt 2, do stand that's diffent times of compound hash så we have do sur tibered compounding mening day can take place of the same time, for eksempel can have trawt on heat privat of the same time and thought can it saturabate crop lous?

00:03:38
Vi kan ofte have specialic computering hak passirs roughly wit in a reality special happening roughly around the same time. Det var Sådan et virke sagt that the same time, for eksempel the mind have Stone search and a rivere floting and sweet and mind be so commen expectley exception the summoms partric learly indo westcols we found outsed and dowal- it's sass of beat damp.

00:04:03
Vi kan også have som det coak condition eller så you have anitual hassour coaches of warzone intressingy and 2 out the world special you have drive sour that can not of sour aware socplas and then you have have rainfald after that and though thaled sats obaterclow su want you talkabbod come potn dvents it my mean one of best.

00:04:27
Wat wing have blok talent is about the cool careens of the heat reven browse.

00:04:31
We seeles of patrin of intensyclication leven the summermans partic or lean years, corona and stor rom and disyvance wellet it's hasube in peace, social problem loces and will with the with do's the asession you temprally Award supply and exo the pick hido par Energy produktion orincrease Energy energyprise Hillary Clinton princip.

00:04:58
Twin professiony with the post is now doing is trend two improved the predaktion of boss single and comput hasswach out of this would experment 2 wing machine running a projens is with wonder northern experts with you wantis and experter out in ekspert pression i will point 2 my eksporty.

00:05:18
Likes some of the re soul of the drive component. We have tasted diffent the dubber jaes, do you in the dollars for anmel under moremed the dollys you u test the more re buster resource of be.

00:05:31
Ar are, matthedole just a and a beil don't special motiv features and times Series totrid preddicted ground be lunger Trump nok we are able 2 today.

00:05:42
2 partikler igen, that's whir and mole on and in know and arre. My hasselbach accrazy per fromments know version lovede metod kort malty feature ground of forest that canno show you mund that it just så Jeg synes secial wich metad ebaste pinter with your looking forund the type under date that that you have.

00:06:05
Just a ammodel prediction the predict your model shows e the model actually works.

00:06:15
Them, you're så teste it machine learning in different time. Leeds for Det er ikke helt waves, så Det er heat wrates og we have very low predicted preticon time a cup pla we waic snacks and that's need start wick 2 know plan a haar time for dones type of thilance så for this spiller you're 2 models mole.

00:06:38
Without thunged produktion infra stemelig with the nobod vergi one diables stay South gamle is som den coul gear prutentual high as have that's tunge predictedip power jupedtensual hind is away massive artitu a buffalt fill wal that texting 2 account effector gravelige and musically wing you tok about heatbrets templer 2 witches that creative are with the very that that that's Matas mur.

00:07:04
Og hive i found also that, andual, hight martz.

00:07:09
Now are studing difficenti.

00:07:14
Ed for long and pebers aed reality 2 predictmove finths and 2 headuptime is a we canberred that 2 seasonseas oring 2 change of we w abery see out that what do you uso the summor? It's not really like sono and now are you wosting som about thanksal.

00:07:33
Havryggerne putter out cross House be think cool thorice have House who would have build og engra so the alone with the lead time and the betro accrazy the model actore we can princit this is type of the verdens. This is very difficult and so mo be world ping point ting out eller and this is a it a really show weit don't have a luther day tang an a folk snotbly research folk finans last and last disse cyber distript of the funding.

00:08:01
Predictions weason lead lower research projects 2 be awesome test moon moders and have bare politikere active sine unles redigan Det er Sådan noget found of that i den så i and kultury from yore frunding for the tabt of the day thated, that's it.

00:08:19
When have wassobinvest the gameting aso seations Beach twin heavy clamady coffees and impact and food waterron eller Twitter suppli and what is this life? It is what just a little eksperiment that weastet it 2 prid of se the relationshit between crot production and heatways and this is what stock out mobille stupom missed mos import food product production and rede in sweet input just because we have stock on stay kroppen the one- 2 nothers thule with this is a us un experent curtly war working of the helt kontyt do it is.

00:08:49
Normalist, i don't under see your susation be twin disse normalise interessante befin and a sion day twenty place prooption problem, reduktion and hoppetent succes synual så som taster eller promate chanties and billy programprops nå this is a sorry stuck of it is on of that is vegan sluts. Mols helt race.

00:09:17
In europe and soy that accounts heed wartes and drug.

00:09:26
Så be your looking of the risk up eventu-tys what meny res retur that looking a we want 2 luke card on dost and the consekvens is be young ad nationalfact and stor accessibu re recolecause cadian effekt the network services and on and on and on and on and there indfly-struchs.

00:09:45
And 2 do this we de valut the familie moal publikum modty seksual intercampingp secret what resource sessions min supalities på hash thereat twist it secret Det er have do un risk models with very few are modeling how and my aktions all incatwal impact and know verd så ved sidst work focusing hou diffens actuallyce impactyther.

00:10:10
For yusing netop aldrig sidst til døden and we are building onen souls datter thut 2 a security is sjues with real data så are data is not holly actual intrans of geografic location and that's OK så fokusy sound evalu messe.

00:10:26
We your stay kop the feedback 2 private hiza services so lewa ever 2 mapower wich with services a that malls pressed of floats 2 get Award hamsterment supality day tal wald thising the mos impon infrastructual daatford yourshof beat slutning in two and bay sund that we are notifikationse materiale spillet it 2 of what recedy hvor mobil ability and red onkels isho creditcality ishockey important services mountain other services the pen. And that's un.

00:10:59
2 2 have additional services orke fuldstraed in case you're the may one faze.

00:11:09
Og Det er en skillegation er jo så flot different types of plus en hansters og it coast regering and have ring and that's blaat thats is the kritik infison note, thor printy on the rece.

00:11:24
Andbaser and basically det smukt som tom models we contifyed rema casted cating impact og disput with care on thecreatements for stracles.

00:11:35
Refund.

00:11:40
Win from a with on a fin that is carey. Picture, warere runund weekend only want point receant alb the qued point of shootter note- are conceutally mode this rocted this menesalg af social Universitet pality wars altså youtity a cannabino kun fokus som dos instituttet fokusing the hownosepality folkecus om dos and meget the most.

00:12:03
On the loft you can see and number of task kage in play Lewis do it 2 there disruption under specifikke node-redour inflacure.

00:12:10
Nej, men det skal have planer indenfor discription andices of phamster i this a park pund thorage time with the wase what a plant that would cools mose is propment and the city and on the right. You see that the mode it favorit your screat the Moore functional sted the infrastruct ored in with in nabo wid inar i wend the propagations spread then Apple conns.

00:12:35
More in official drupal in officient.

00:12:40
Men som disse med diæt and i partnerasmant 2 active verden offline and you cannork use it's all wic canber bearly cola 2 uden this is because of sucy consult.

00:12:52
Also life funding but it wal up this frode foa people 2 use whatever en capitalibil for capitay bill in proposis over for planing properties. We don't really noias we are or this is the d areal of with the homaby as with 2 be y using distribu.

00:13:10
Fantasy wat that too conso you anant show in you too because of this is a fore this indbrations but you canon show you can see the cast kart industri. This is a quicked binding real level i The operation tokets effected wich cool shit prels whit haust it tos will befact thission for dashbout that's cools, you're the tip thors fucked 2 location, the tuber recects under quidditch kality the reund. That's it attentat.

00:13:38
Så ej Jeg er lille blevet valgt som freddy formoster der præsentation what we lewand fromation Alice, it's that money adaptation we it's somlfed beklumped op endnu Inter one catic ay but different playces and defing rize need differentiions så what yousee and this first pixer is the kult of hamster.

00:14:02
Moustedfactor war has ha soles hights? It's positive too. Al times a flot.

00:14:10
Flukt ud og monster anne dosered og you billed og we are way design floated will muster there so haps the type of apertation option hirsed 2 Macron fritter walther amay work round with natur base situations.

00:14:26
Ej den går som optimalt på sig, hvor man reality computeren of the star is that planet chance well high do it cassrup Mobility of create new taksribut Mobility and aso my locations we sae that's the won't rebilities i not the classicens it my beat, that's the beather of private popction som værende because of and how are you a good 2 justifoting public spanding on the beather offentlig so.

00:14:51
Will also itsa beatisting unabities på et tidspunkt this image showing.

00:14:56
Hvis det så prutter TD wichers and love tempa restsidence and whors special this not top nugehue and network the coast.

00:15:06
Here wat research jazz især unitt 2 workith Classic speaced prining tools and information concert Inter people verden lidt an for 2 with 2 uges.

00:15:18
Jamen you have air altså mind know be primerly exasted the flow it you do it flowmab et meget know sjovt they serius the disse arety euse will have mose cast cing if that efats og porno network because we have credit infist and hear ushup think visual like a malt ty dan national pros 2 2 how 2 gratis issue.

00:15:41
Være i som bagel ikke kan samle op til planen og av recommendation without protect the critical note, that's the wants it havmols connections with the rowed or AI plant or anyt that first prot you seo edition for important that's it the want up provid and mos-service. Altså you have a quritically prestity point that provice sevened price of the a quized inden nabo that's the one yoush you are you go for protect in don't proted everying louse.

00:16:10
Arnik, chrisby Prince of the womouth'm septive one that i receive be muses services because dose of sca and it mind the many and you kod have House well love all @level sousin or know-t it spanske that is the central soldation så det spektries you awesome supported 2 what adaptation with me. We want univering my præsentation for we won't toando send a littbit how how do you have thanden onside on unther minister partit is a dealing with conner changedation.

00:16:41
Sorø de fighter til kokosund storm water management, natur base illusion spor it what need 2 basically mens impalities uusting forestille moderment Walter position.

00:16:51
Jeg synes Det er Det er was the your som solc con cross pend the satmant and now we are likes and Costa 2 the cust a it is us really complicate.

00:17:01
Første sating with messe paltisbrug moderate management and for this wish cann 2 time og docmented waters services sus and the staring of support and duptiments reality's some moder and management and this u call difference in does of we walking with interessant Alice my good nachos copy because plan call this is two dic alone program. I don't know, does a this awild?

00:17:25
Diffens film whatever.

00:17:27
Will reviewed porty, a doctument from the topasty eight manis a partitprissant that did the report. That's the fants Google blod justit.

00:17:36
Speed isranc and spillen eivals bank of timer, changuger lotation and kald navn 2, the seven this six pressand up orden auditions AP palletis have som type woctopment valid som abonnement management.

00:17:50
Det synes Vi er top tool top free the first chance og så wasmæssigt is billet 2 cost cost for natur base social specially operation main tines is very metal is theirs cardio univers more compare wal thous definition.

00:18:04
Know have implementet Netto base situation. Don't have a docy maddate officially?

00:18:14
And i themes. That's the prices ofren set. I thidat thevelubar all the consultants in know i knowledise awareness may this mode there consult hissed around.

00:18:24
That's greate food, altså a clean and istual have a base night 2 computer offer 2.

00:18:29
This is a barriot lidt table on the propitals of this is does 2 so your you have that good it has beam 2 computere coss the Netto base illusions it's pantom soul anythings so i'm i have 2 prod 2 get thor et plan fo Award su just in myernes impality that's that Google for the great for spect drop on and goal for the Green i can a myin it really difficult that the gay this brug 2 you have starter dice crush it you know and have of for Netto basically versioner.

00:18:56
Så det recommendation. Dressing that for a dressing and this challenge. This is the stunder lice cross estimer and togcreate reference statures front tobase situation that tonespality i include operation i am nine intuit mobile sim's 2 concter.

00:19:12
Second in lars chance isolativt onky responshabiliteres we diskause today ys today and doin thank you dinut tape special with computer storm water management this mann it difference dick wothers inbug boost i ideen and huse siden it's inality and avany zoom meeting 2 af butikkerne propland laow was also the into-center of land in urban ariz.

00:19:37
Ad listen europe folls on the private o commercial University.

00:19:40
Jamen jeg Det er simpelthen hove the promas posit of that is the proment adoptation. Det er Sådan fint dousting machine and a we need 2 find thors are condition find new collab protest and engagement models for diffens tech hold hvis du take poker nå i don't working and a plus mismiss a party smed beauty do that we're rapped that så må be have found som soro model 2 toclarifest konsabilities.

00:20:08
Så der var vi greate 2 gear of the youtube your experience splinter Palace is why yeah 2 makeup travel laut any basmen moder sata low prof for eksempel mindst palt this is 2 repoxes or privacrocly fine institutioner benefits.

