00:00:06
Kompotasken ikke kattepræmier impact in adaptation IEA det fungerer vist respective on the world of skills any quined adaptation shell thisco in wallmans.

00:00:17
Thank you. Thank you.

00:00:23
Thank you very much my pladser 2 Beach your talk little bitt body European perspektiv så du feed the gabit feed Markus global rizes local.

00:00:37
Ja and we kidder vel meget du kan lægge en af en jury hue alby hind the all the mallit all in judith with the Nordic do you givel we place end thank you today.

00:00:47
Så ama russ gooding camping from the eurobean moment agense wages that agency based chating goodwill Hagen that is AU agency. So what we do insimple is we ared translate ding usyes 2 prolesy but also translate and polisy proside that real collecting the day tam fromt countries wick we have that mental laborated country with you have that the eight.

00:01:14
At vi all den translateing disda knowledge and than be a trend 2 influence that the ballise withole made in brussels of the eurobean level albazeed on the mose this in knowledge what we have because we a macing bol. This is with the dode knowledning is white exrely ja thousand need 2 do there 2 do 2 the would 2 rece up.

00:01:36
Så this is lide what areid og gloop? Sorry procent my god intern it's saque important public Google place a good AD cupentic resclimy chan.

00:01:47
Hvis.

00:01:50
War link.

00:01:53
And what is also with jule like 2 atd. What are you my god place thated pretty will befours. That's euro-hist.

00:02:02
Ories for fosters, thyk lope mall s.

00:02:07
And most problemer aso woring the fosters all out of the ol coontiness and that's beoss beard in the nord them is two we are bridge small contin and is thanson så folk bare. De har spurgt anywat and massage and is was beat arbejde polititiones.

00:02:21
Og hvad vi præsenter disse messages quite wild så vi all extly wallming ja Morten den therest the work.

00:02:32
What thing bridge? It's ackonsekvens om this Award mink this of course economy loss from butter and cprlement extrees a. This is a day-tab with beat collecting ad agense very diffed 2 coll aged 2 because of that is now commun agrid 2 date og sources acrossed your membered countrys.

00:02:52
Wat that doesn't lean twents komponent ah collected day and than bear hold mon iching and whoting 2 gether.

00:02:59
And it's the day that's is from minding eight direkte fort de fortourde yars, and it shows that in the log.

00:03:07
S and the heut thent the seven som var min stret disse seven denmarked minber statement of the EU relauce-down seven hund it forty billy end utters that's produb in the low side, but that's something withus. S teamæted.

00:03:20
En del of the os drint of want drent the two and printed feed this is verden har jeg dem de får because we're for ekspedience cory it's several server buttrings twenty one wead serveret floting in western europe balium nattellands ingmaning we had forest fires blot Android intenting young keat.

00:03:46
Ell jacksy cost arno'en sixty, the samvittig thousand.

00:03:51
In europe and er nogle fifty seven bilen euros of dame yes and it venty free what severour extram floting imens.

00:04:03
Around a community dourn't ford befoling villy and euros and divers oney bad introver weine a disse the country champ coming from wich was.

00:04:12
The economic clos for moneybad with was twenty forefring.

00:04:18
Og kommunerne det dusiksteen-procenter of the willi. Of that's and that's biling yourders out of the sport i folkeot of the dubry vand insulin youtine, især small country and distant bean and utes. What's Executive sicystem procenter of JDB og slovenia.

00:04:34
And dazz basically.

00:04:38
Det er Norge what the bull i 4 looking in the future and this is the grawy 2 Beach op procentd and the European glamad frisk a swe say of leed more with shows how frost europe is wordmink en hove frost euro world wording the future base and the difference and airis and i febear following the buff of the scenarie of the high miste scenario liat business as us your be don't the much.

00:05:02
Europe dabitret kan en krise bardianter, the sanchey, dur on seven, the wase it Vi har foreløbinger i tag missions lloy mission genereres forestilling, the barirs of agreement, then we'rel and up biting 2 end your halfed fordi Det er glas what the end of that santery what is usan importtent 2 do 2 say it is that vanvittigt blive sendt inde the high goss of the smutter verden via looking backwatch and butted observations.

00:05:28
Un that and this is the blue line year. This moders basically video yard canent the have in on the klimad as it climat mountain støt.

00:05:35
Estimating that is the watman so exdie kan gå i awall's that and that's something Richard squid and important messaged because vanvittigt ibered seven digitalis plads that meanes we ared in the digiting point arream and diging point mest how do you vent your venuard? That is no wossibility 2 understand that con ofutter is all watclow mayes 2 use it you don't know now wat wal beat astability of deadline.

00:06:06
Hvordan ville jeg nok ginge in 2 the Classic restrike også this is are accellereret cross all that that reagues across euro enter. We have also presant this is a slide in the europeanclipos the with sjovest it europe is facing more and strong the classed drivers in cludeing keat vers like alright imens haver wey princip edation bitch cana it's 2 that diffent bytes of flothink and know cyl laver aized whit is of course affecting the Costa.

00:06:36
Area også en en lead coster flot mousted. That's it is drivers ved warsen juding that ventifulce diffice centery and then we og looking in the Albert area også this gang og free stribers actlyc and come 2 getther in the alban adias and a this gow of crush kabely and combin effekt evan moder and proce onkel happing a one driver. We are knowing the nord and euro-t up hillaroved actually souls that's the majority.

00:07:04
Ikke of the.

00:07:07
Direction excent bear looking thovers the into the rig looking 2. The grove aspect disminde ext in the krys meget because we don't know what the happen with the with the point points, it's midt weated of coursktic thumbs 2 the completly diffent dybe progate here in the Nordic your.

00:07:29
Og sessing the glement og yase rivals than lead sessing that deciliter and in the coll climatisk og sessions video weoblisure.

00:07:39
En march de siger hver 5. 6 different brisk.

00:07:47
Den dustand inflod differentiereting the plosters from ecstossister economy, infrastructure helt in food and vanvittig konkludered hvordan Det er look in 2 the honey how do is risk adresse virkelig ku blot majority det of this race meet origin action all action node så hvis Vi er dumt wey not and i sume of the cast is we 2 do agent be moder and this is procentd heere in the.

00:08:17
And the red collard socordy diagn districe who would need 2 have more action node 2 alvor it is serveret konsekvens in the fuur.

00:08:29
And i will folk beard bucking catering modsly about 2. The albon and arrian finan sing and overlact for pokus 2 do thing inguyen be debat 2 plays and 2 how basically districe art.

00:08:42
Developing.

00:08:44
And bund looking in 2 da infrastruction. All right, the show you that't it be- assistent aspekter and mund of that's things is versus et how argent is thor adresse ishøi.

00:09:02
Hvis ikke jeg fik et VI adresse så direkte over det differentiered energiture and lam.

00:09:10
Puttet om du får der ingen infrastructisk glost. Disakleristisk artiklen For that for det infrastructure vi kan se det pass of disse require more action action end vanvittig login de floting ocefed this is un that bob of the we can see the basically.

00:09:28
The risk serverity ved en kris i The future så mindre dobbeltsty and of the centery and folaring than natalia ply imponerio, the blocket plug and the floting blot blogy and flower bloting til cannabis godt der står pickic laborat andg cather-trofic lavel ind over definition min.

00:09:48
At axel kan lide that the youtrup economy canaps because of the one of disconof receptape.

00:09:58
Jeg fik dundo and ikke the second thing whit Jørgen like the show efter hell this is also fabiring porton buddha the for the forty frosset beboard bagefter input and also hoved doub the city ishockey of the origin adia do the krise that's you're and health and also 2 in crease. That's thild being of the city us and heerup again. Are you can see that moust it a roastbeach of coming interdister health classro.

00:10:26
Og Det er almort action og origin action anvendt via looking 2. The hit slash becausedam the jord and heat based will inclissing the feut jord in the benned the from this senere areid. We can see that basically there is serverity endda in the hit trass for the genero population is a stand increase ink and being or there in the pritical label and leading that in you int in the benedic the fromation areus the midt-centeret the into the sangery Inter that.

00:10:55
That mente intet haaving argant markant befolkning Vi er inde katastroficklab et scantely into-dam that would laveret konsekvenses for the hul gunent.

00:11:09
Og når ikke vi bebuder for lundbe one eksempla the idrætsstructure side i ordentity demension de ploting in twenty trendy one in the western europe blot unatlunce in german disse dage of that is the flot inkassin is the reachute spart of peberup and it is the globe olse of from overybody shows how long intook that they infrarstructure wass in the beat and subcise steel Mount is a styl not beat out and the dækkes in soundcases moder and a yeah it's the infrastruct of it is.

00:11:40
Min manifester kritiker indefra structure is of been but back in 2 there nordmans state and that meas loosing love resources affecting affect the bebo because date cannot communicate. Michael orker og ja move acount.

00:11:59
And dea's SA yan very custic and it dakes ind bages of the a ro 2 bat in the. In the case of the german in the st not there Stein, not the beat og Det er der hvor not the beat and de skal arbejde os på just.

00:12:15
Looking 2 dan oregon addia er lidt mere specifik alici skaming for thaty bud hvis Vi skal have publising i breble lizzir and looking in 2 do that of the pladsioner urban arrigan this fubles in europe savemand dit budprocent sevent debat procenter oblace leeds in the urban er det that's moder and glob in global is and unf in europe be seven debat.

00:12:37
Og nogen ford de procent of the birdnings in the city is in europe. I min build befores saland ja så go.

00:12:45
Itically, the sever sure de old in the food that blev bad with the all sty of planet. Hvordan vi have helt version europe that danbyt char gang in the send of the europeout lead uden 2 stand up of fift in scandy thant of the fifty and thecl is wallman than this salooning ed this is the exon is thumbs from the out of that Bonde thised in by jump with chows this.

00:13:09
Basically et naturep.

00:13:12
Gates nå men vent lidt om 2 the flading og hun fandt det samme interessant of Albert area increasing population endda in the flotte in the flot plans in the logs dekaht version om what the seed. This is also phonchroned for dublining because there is slot ja problem Ishøj high the log 2 activity and disse something with ching osvofrome from over report abos how the seit is arting 2 glame a change.

00:13:40
Anton moder and fifty procent of 8 eller 3.

00:13:45
Unces så er det bedst with the week cap collected så that that's Citys on and up thing using the pissical of thc'tol that defive procent and the natual bas illusion trendy seven procent and uld 2 get that is what it fifty procent of all the actions in the Citys are basically looking in. 2 do it do it ispect what not only it's also the planing regulære regulation and 2 under dcuvernance og ballon.

00:14:10
Actions og dating reund vande på sateme the gacess otto Nordic and the caur this is very important bund because also education in soul educate in the sidst this and avernes race in capacitybering this is also import anyt appening in around aat i fifty's procent of cases with have in reported og livet it last Disney procent. It's looking Inter thir economic and for nosact aspects off.

00:14:33
The actual.

00:14:36
Just nu liddo du da 4 konklusions really the dick? This is breethy dansk Vi har know in the northern New York and i thinkits important the said at this is not that it part of the your up rich is the voss of Factor 2 the soe, that's you. It is the mose of the reachans in europe and.

00:14:59
Og ja menuisk og acceler er det rigtigt. Det er much fostert in the rest in the direst of the verdensbot of the frost every in New York halv is being affected by the incrediing cliimed this sever major plymed this have alright the ledage priticallyouted critical and majority team.

00:15:22
Will be, of course, inkludering in 2 their katastrofic a lavel interview.

00:15:27
Economy closes in the log fifty billigere end euros pad year and if this they a continuering without and it strunket action on adaptation site and without alletiders weekend global action med detgation weekend in New York blues alone wanting newroe battieret ordentligt because of because of latin barianter the centery.

00:15:52
Of franstr may things areody happening ens a side of the battles er.

00:15:56
I Island som basically kan vi også drukklite al moder and more actions there in europe happening what the som h un the bolisy side lagking beheint and leging be hid because mop because of-honnaise happening that you'll re not of things happening with the over over this indeact it mode soul clime a changes backic changing primært changing foster and weekende follow be white the bellup beat that ballis inde and action and that's also bil.

00:16:22
D the cause we austeret indios it reacting mode så.

00:16:27
Deres ekstrimlevant er den lille Jakob. Vi change something pro active, the pro activity it's still somethages not so much happin intour crush europe what is asian bort that there many effected situation orready og cross europe and from tims. It's not and not shit indevate kantine implementet in other butt of fear of and analytic burde vi have focusing on.

00:16:54
Creing the norwich.

00:16:55
Sharding og solutions and også hold du implement this effect isolations across styret and seattles other front on of that because there are like that it is high not of ja action happening and the assistent og socialistisk og computer in the cities and implementation in the city somethance in the Citys is euro.

00:17:18
Ja batter than the national labels.

00:17:22
Og and that's also because, like cove of the logic, yourbe and seedness have a local time out thation. Blandt andet nin-tip procent input in display the use o the nature så fokus in the natur resolution richards one of that soulation without in the woss effectiv cost effective situations we have.

00:17:45
Ja, men da der var konklaut i filmen wanda lead more you have 4 samlinks and white too er også en widget 2 subscribe og New sletter with reproducing af freemund and we are get more on that is information from that thank you are very much.

