00:00:10
Very extidant 2 interviews professor for my formand, home toand New York city. Der er excited of billisering 2 genfed charye, professor of city, University of the your face up awall welcome and that fisrup.

00:00:31
The floris.

00:00:34
First whituchers, what it is, you make Games that break this make Quick 2.

00:00:54
This is this is a fictureout my Windows or my proman in for ponly york and on the love us wat it with proke now, and know'm, a, right, a, reen, diging, of, how, that is, 2 possibed rebork and just specific som contacts and aps re my promanus and this was this is homo and onbery excentes wellen.

00:01:17
There is the stree of it, yere and now Street and.

00:01:23
From notes 2 South and uso from instrueret because i Danmark that is that is thors wolberg of from a wal on and invasion, ny mass of high ning aj on with a breakeration with mylic som ramble take and away hos spray Street that's convenience water and preding in a bled Green say sagt on engtere sat.

00:01:49
And that's the sain- time econ hubbers we putly on's with that we don't have a wat of the public have AS us South butting understrege and service blod i quickly and on the tryks of spating the weit are you and The New York y york or un extrin som a dance here under love the top that's s ubrune Sunday the bulterment is huging eight that that's happy and twenty twenty one baltimore support.

00:02:21
Katastrofic resultat finan krop stucked gamituges and get on that are you're very it's in over that is pollen we had with unic motherf sloting and this spec 2 the isive of this what happen specios South of my proportment and this is pickup thating and with this messing thating on over that markant bey and that's howing ah Inter options in the servers city sted provided univers wars cosing proport property vanedage.

00:02:53
Spotting.

00:02:57
Movie fremadretions version and the practice reprise multi anatt this skills ahm and a of this areing with 2 beat progress on water and awesome import of leverproces kollaborations of course secres on the cause. We really need this system nowcity.

00:03:16
And a finaly, and because we're under business.

00:03:20
W fucking anyne verse 2 be sat us word private version wal thank woocwarse 2 giled the chound y us today into more andso in a movie naturn possibral a process this with us Canada show how this sagt hende wind we want be working work and univers lease with city this as well as with it private slagter.

00:03:42
Ercuasurn-time siled i and the kraberation there we have a then o areich, a and john re the way, the yact, so in, you 2, be more, proacted, so, the, charm, that, it's howly break down the fields 2 and hands sustain's corporations, so wic in cluact be work 2 gather promore fact 2 more facto blandt the Bulls of printer resulty andcly and susy ac.

00:04:08
We can be thinkly way that's it than it instrategion and gate where?

00:04:13
Research og meet 2 be inflammat. Just be agtermed exter-scenes Beach the moy 2 bekendt of ressourcer structure is for 2 stress and know innovative and 2 getant play has the actually walk but that is thiece for som moyes obligation so wing it's beally 2 transfer Inter private sagt.

00:04:37
Creat what i calles action design Martin anytter disciplin arey but infordin fromt by with the leeds of the scene cities. Oare så this is your dine eksempler action thor research that's the marked and i aing gage than unic thing 2 wing thingout i can work get in 2 over that buting over say is this is the this act-mobre researches working handlesan here.

00:05:05
Agencyes er over 2. The wic king på byt and talinget or research proacs that the diar hva is pop 2 damping with the private satur 2 getar innovation and 2 the hands and by doing this actually research than we are ingaing and actionable forst tring soft that's go in hean and hean with the touther under students interessant un what how inbult in the fucky preos and a propper 2 hult and on the soving in propms.

00:05:33
Sådan og proach now exchange.

00:05:38
S when it's beat wal 2 do that frob very is resonce um and 2 on 2 gether than we can world two action ball on science cour creation 2 libery and implementation as Walls with por smaging butt a markant isnende that's absolut kredit. Potentiize promoshans persustemlaboration.

00:05:57
Så Der er 2 ryttere.

00:06:06
Taction thel heere from i countrymal am with my Universitet and a with theismow action stange where progress on the scan and what are you satse and what is a serie vision for primært recealingcy? And how can un we as wican stututions create og sine 2 accountation?

00:06:33
Do youed 2 create.

00:06:37
2 do research and 2 pouls that it is with you that you are conbeing day and driven intoktion making i wuds som ithers version af there provins and the place South astros 2 kr. claraation with the sted with the new city DP on the researchest white and pund two sustand knowledge exchange.

00:06:57
2 take and 2 rocket asvæsen under and what the repor it are SA research or un bye organisation thement steasing gagement arrest and one'ts bean orgon i sengen and stease ingation and hearres for evant 2 thatter i unabyte different yeah speed forcoremans a settment an all becen soling gatement serie sir um a money trining and modelling.

00:07:23
That that's nowly with aros browser 2, bebo 2 communicate were under this isolations of working 2 power tricks the community ah men Det kan jeg bedre inflammation out and also private service and usood dynamic man in the cause. We will talking about prima out of the pastion and we know that the chrent your sa changing with time soy need 2 bever wat com moderfi difference of willing indslag.

00:07:53
We have with ramble om engineering in consulting input tocture and a gene is world starce with know arch change on and under standing in the vision agramp ah and under scanning how week han alene what it is with we do and princip that's version andhen we can walk collaboratly with remempel other private saturce two.

00:08:20
Proaches hurtigt management.

00:08:25
Er, der gerne vil have dig promo claraation be kaldes we have the. We have 2 doubler thors with the chuther i'm WA we done with rambit, the organist, the clark it actruply is of war Inter be doing with reampbel orund organisational procure of the city meed hore did the hånd and adoptiv and management approach and we balt beachingbucenter sus.

00:08:50
An up that it your with thors the city of with the smand thal there are out of the gaming with a streomed's by siryn un.

00:09:00
Providen introps and also ah.

00:09:05
Proy and fine as well castern pass is with on the brow and browues dones so in contusion and with formidl ice fundic som place of unic and-tutions or thissiones your sird using enghalifed sustejed now action of courseactors and because wanting thingout.

00:09:26
Navnet exchange betinget private satur and that public sat acture and some princes polarnatic passagers comfort todentid because i private cacrerus aprin orcompacce thought the city and we are usation 2 recess with the belanes systemet research promut so beic and support on da driven adapted management practice for primært resultat insey and fine wicked yather what beat of whit for the trining and malty intrans this supplement a work 80.

00:09:57
Pro wout un a bing back the Copenhagen and new ace in this with the a pubon heagen of the work in the gather on for that les can yourse and mos and unge change and beven and underens tony of team and twenty twenty two the brother on a fundy grøn on a ikk of instutitutions so the weeknd aso exchange imprmation the træner agtigt and stuttutions.

00:10:27
Behov giver us the pressive Award that promot we pace of printer adaptation. Thank you think thank you. Thank you.

